# **Part I: Research Question**

### A.  Describe the purpose of this data mining report by doing the following:

1.  Propose **one** question relevant to a real-world organizational situation that you will answer using market basket analysis.

2.  Define **one** goal of the data analysis. Ensure that your goal is reasonable within the scope of the scenario and is represented in the available data.  
 

# **Part II: Market Basket Justification**

### B.  Explain the reasons for using market basket analysis by doing the following:

1.  Explain how market basket analyzes the selected dataset. Include expected outcomes.

2.  Provide **one** example of transactions in the dataset.

3.  Summarize **one** assumption of market basket analysis.  
 

# **Part III: Data Preparation and Analysis**

### C.  Prepare and perform market basket analysis by doing the following:

1.  Transform the dataset to make it suitable for market basket analysis. Include a copy of the cleaned dataset.

2.  Execute the code used to generate association rules with the Apriori algorithm. Provide screenshots that demonstrate the error-free functionality of the code.

3.  Provide values for the support, lift, and confidence of the association rules table.

4.  Identify the top **three** rules generated by the Apriori algorithm. Include a screenshot of the top rules along with their summaries.  
 

# **Part IV: Data Summary and Implications**

### D.  Summarize your data analysis by doing the following:

1.  Summarize the significance of support, lift, and confidence from the results of the analysis.

2.  Discuss the practical significance of the findings from the analysis.

3.  Recommend a course of action for the real-world organizational situation from part A1 based on your results from part D1.  
 

# **Part V: Attachments**

### E.  Provide a Panopto video recording that includes a demonstration of the functionality of the code used for the analysis and a summary of the programming environment.  
 
### F.  Record _all_ web sources used to acquire data or segments of third-party code to support the application. Ensure the web sources are reliable.  

 N/A did not used any
 
### G.  Acknowledge sources, using in-text citations and references, for content that is quoted, paraphrased, or summarized.

 N/A did not used any